you guys okay so before the stream
starts I just need to say real quick
that I am using beads I'm not joking I
seriously got there not too long ago and
they have the cord in them right now
they are they don't don't have to be
with the cord but you know I don't feel
like charging them so yeah Oh see you
tuber I so Bernie on into a solo game
well everyone joins in this dream I'm
gonna use face cam just because you like
it - aw let's go in this dream okay
come on home okay I am one it's a good
thing we're off to a good start
uh yo welcome sit welcome long downer
welcome blaze hope you guys have more
bet this thing up a little bit blanket
right here we got it we got a nice fuzzy
blanket always good right that's all
right
cool cool cool there we go it's that
right there go into announcement star
everybody what's up everyone
all right go and
do you have the right kit I'm guessing
the under you dime yo-yo I don't know if
I like this skin as much as my old one
yeah oh yes
the suit makes it look kind of cool I
guess I don't know don't judge me
I'm a cool kid you'll everybody leave a
like on the strand by the way if you
feel like it you don't want to I mean
you've got a choice here but like if you
if you want to leave a light that's also
good I look really where do I do that
okay
hope you got a good stream quality right
now one day more of a try-hard time
probably gonna go for like a win and
stove kills I usually go for kills make
it a bit more interesting but sometimes
I die like that and then it's kind of
defeats the purpose of making it more
interesting so I'm gonna go for a win
instead of a kill you know I'm gonna
make sure I play safely you know do that
kind of stuff to make sure you know I
just need to go through the win if I
could get a win live on true you know
I'm gonna record this as I live straight
as well just in case cuz you know I
might mean to end up making it a high
Alliance it's true could happen so yeah
if you're really weird highlights a face
come on you do some teams on stream
later please dime it's possible possible
um I might it stream quality good I hope
that's good it was not good that's a
problem so like we got the full set up
guys
you got the headphones we've got the
microphone we've got the Corsair
keyboard and mouse we've got the
Logitech webcam we've got the like Acer
screen you know not sponsored by a this
stuff by the way we've also got the
power spec desktop which is great so
you've got a bunch of stuff really good
set up right now trying to deck out my
setup
you don't really just make that set up
as good as possible
honestly um I drink some water here
stream quality is okay dime okay I'm
Claude
but blazing sniper right here
this guy ends up killing me after all I
would not be good not appreciating it
see no I'm not lagging in the lobby as
much as I normally do which is good
probably the headphones
honestly headphones everything that's
all it means
headphones solving all of my problems
making there less lag in the game makes
total sense should I turn off the music
to keep it on because like I'm
definitely gonna have sounds on cuz I
need sounds in my life but like you guys
want the music off that's totally fine
I'm not actually turn the music down a
little bit compared to the sounds hey
there we go that way to be a bit better
like in comparison is it still yeah I
don't know if this shrimp quality is
really good guys is it okay is it
actually okay hope it's good
all guesses good
there we go future kid over here using a
full pack I've really grown on to this
full pack by the way by way and see it's
really nice it's a really good pack for
UHC oh well excuse me stream is perfect
okay I'm glad
oh I need 16 in there these are for
actual building blocks hmm kind of hard
to tell that sure he can looks like in
this pack I'll be honest because it kind
of looks like the bushes you guys here
coordinates I hope not I can't we're all
good
hi party me probably you just said
pardon me please in all caps well they
did say please I don't know how good
it's gonna be for me to party him how
beneficial for him
Oh we'll go ahead and do it here
and the sound alone
well not
this guy actually good at lying drops oh
it's helping us a full leather that was
drowning himself with sand okay nice was
a fun experience but I guess not no
littering guys um party eight the next
and a blazing sniper got7 cane sugar can
I think they'll be a substantial amount
for the approximate um
sharp three diamond sword I think though
I think they'll be pretty useful I don't
think a lot so many problems with that I
think I'm gonna drop into this cave here
you'll look at your buddy how to get
Colonel like I'm not reading stream shot
that much this stream so if you want
something just message me in Minecraft
you know um if you don't have a
minecraft account or can't use it right
now I'll try to check this dream find a
ish spell check you're right on oh we
got a muted for one week oh that's gonna
be hard for me team to communicate to me
oh poor man King blazing sniper said get
away and shot you you know when you know
when you let him realize the euro one
star or when he does realize her once
sir he's not going to want to rock one
it's not gonna one away from you it's
not gonna run away from you because he's
gonna go like Oh easy easy one star kill
so you're gonna want to not talk in chat
just be really annoying and do a bunch
of stupid stuff they'll waste his time
you know you'll I really like these by
the way they're really good totally
recommend not sponsored as I said not
going to try to get a sponsorship or
anything off beats these are just like a
present dude hey I guess I'm going down
here oh you don't want I'll see if this
works
this could give away my coordinates does
it no I'm good
that's the thing all right good I can
see my seat counter it doesn't give away
my chords that's that's a good thing can
also your logo so definite try hard
gameplay I skipped a little on gold and
go back for it I need to see this though
ah okay almost all those nights
you gotta have real wonderful day as I
said like 27 times oh okay thank you any
tips I'm a new player with craps because
of our cake toys or man well can't give
them any tips because you know I'm not
good in Minecraft that's a rip just
don't feel like giving him just tips
because you know what that's gonna waste
time out of my UHC and that's you know
i'm tryharding so it's like kind of you
know gonna be not the best situation for
me to be in top and so don't ask not
often that I earn sure if I'm gonna mine
for a bit I'll invite bread strong
please don't do this to me okay waters
doing this mean goodbye
I'm good a water oh I'm X raining that's
fun I like when I turn on my x-ray in
the middle of the stream that's cool
good with me you know people that
actually sold out you know and didn't
know I was a live stream II would
totally think that was X ray and I want
to blame them all because that totally
just looked like X ray all my luck is
kind of something I don't forget it
imagine there were diamonds and are
there just like oh yeah by the way oh
yeah we're gonna go get that gold just a
toes cool sit right here
yeah I don't know if I hear lava or not
try to turn off the music so that I can
hear better honestly it could be a good
decision okay let me listen to this real
quick so I can make sure it sounds okay
oh you can't even hear the music okay
whatever it doesn't matter
I just don't listen to music all tennis
I hear water plus all my really here I
think you guys can hear this significant
amount hope so but when you go down
minus one
any diamonds just right under the water
okay you know what I see I see how this
come on
Wow watchdogs been so many people know
I've been banned by watchdog wasn't
happy about being my washer though but
half those people weren't even high he
gonna be offers don't even get banned I
mean that's how high Pixley used to work
at least the way your mama
Oh
yes I see a hi-c counter this way yeah
there we go
a t3c counter let's go there's stuff
over here yep
there we go I hear it
yeah definitely right here
this is a 100-seat counter
there's definitely ravine or something
right here excuse me
Oh 100c counter you're gonna let me down
here
okay
there we go that's what I thought
diamonds over here
it's gonna be a bit difficult to get
this bowl because the softer PvP
nevermind
oh man
why is blazing so loud I don't get it by
new diamonds so I have enough stop for
philosophers I hope so what
what I can't do that do those and then
make this real quick
boom-boom white only doing excuse me can
i play minecraft it up there
Wow got one on the first one and I got
to me behind course not
anything like it all
okay I see how it is what nine nine
minutes I see
that's what I thought
oh do not
we're all easily gonna make sorts of
pants if we keep the salmon on diamonds
we have right now so make sure three all
right
excuse me any more lapis gonna make
another Philosopher's and don't need to
waste time on this kind of stuff
nice 49 so if my trying to make a chest
plate of - yeah I can make sword just
play boots be nice we might do that oh
those were oh there's office right here
not son get levels down
13 there we go
I'm enough for sharp three good gold
right here for healing
this is like wine 19
get the gold
okay I've got the plan
wait what could I don't make too just
like this
or make just play
this
and there we go
handle Cheers
make a bucket and there's something else
I'm sure yeah I think there is actually
trailer still high water make our shirt
three
it's no I'm not doing that one yeah
yeah one our little sweet nameless
what sign you call anyways though oh
wait what doesn't work very well
okay there are you
and okay with us and we can name it
perfect name right here make problem you
get another level for the problems on
our chest plant
you guys are ensuring the stream if you
are driving the jump light welcome
everybody
nice beats I have these two but I don't
use them while I'm recording what do you
nice beats I don't run my like okay
oh wait yeah beats okay I thought you're
tired I'm sorry
let's do this and
I'm not school for some good stuff
okay goodbye everyone I'm gonna go
destroy people at surface like skeletons
I'm going for a win this game
well you know what
I'll go ahead and make a long book it is
it's important all the times
oh wait that's not gonna look good gonna
move this out of the way
okay the bond I'm good
and going up here now
this your zero no this isn't this is
finish your sheep before Iran
also gonna be apples
don't make them get a back stone
long and then crinimal with sharp three
and be good sushi up there more
want any string please
that's nice
it's not gonna work out how I you know
plan John 1 0-0 don't have a rod you
find the problem
well ok that's nice
okay
okay it's gonna be that way mister for
alignment goodbye yeah must be that one
I don't trust him go ahead and run away
he's following you
around
I think I can use them
yeah I did it I looked around me so
diving in it
I mean rip you think I'm dying something
whatever happened just unfortunately it
was a stack in middle game those are the
people that I earn our also took some
diamond pieces with them I just not good
when somebody's trying to mind
we kind of just me and sheep get sheep
on you good
I see how I see what's going on Joe how
did you ask me you be that way
Wow
Perea is not a significant source of
sheep we need one more string seriously
I need a rod it's gonna be beneficial to
my way game any sheep okay there's the
stock diamond man I don't think you're
gonna want to fight him right now yeah
that guy's name is animal i think its
prey so I think that was a skin somebody
suffocated wow that's very good not
really
you kind of need kills yeah full lining
guys a five-star
somebody okay of course this is
happening not very good because we need
people that actually okay okay
I think I'm stupid
excuse me okay
jumping on ice is faster than you
placing blocks is really annoying
goodbye it's gonna be not we're not
playing them guys someone get 21 let's
go give me another fight
see you're on a horse it's not
necessarily the best option for me to
fight that guy or this guy because he's
the boss down
stuck kinda in the middle both Spanish
what's nice
get him targeted let's go into the woods
both parents don't like woods oh wait
those beamers fighting each other
listen it's interesting should I watch
this should I wait for a clean are you
gonna come I'll bring you into the
forest with your horse here
either one of them take them - doesn't
look like it okay it's gonna blow this
BAM just like I thought but he doesn't
really know how to very well of course
you be that one I'm proud of you yeah
you go you want to actually not do that
limp like honestly okay good
this isn't gonna work not somebody else
is shooting me okay bunch of hours I
don't have a book and there's another
full diamond this is a great game for me
I'm not running to the forest I can wait
to clean this it's okay
I'm back seldom I'm gonna place down
when I'm pretty mountain sharp 3 or at
least I'm planning to a person on the
ground it's the guy that had the horse
yes yeah there you go
goodbye so what you do with llama folks
get gaps and that is how you make a
comeback yep so you knew it
there are authors over there I tried to
quickly because of what was going on to
situation I didn't get to pick up
everything so let me do that real quick
there we go make it up all right
I'm not going to take the worst it's not
worth it take the saddle off the horse
who is that oh it's here
excuse me what was that Oh
yep okay he's all dude an o-ring with
like no stats literally okay he
literally just toggled on me I mean it
wasn't like full-on Blaine like clout be
hot light
okay Wow okay I see of course he's gonna
say you like he's seriously turned on
hack sleeeep
he said no dude I'm live like he's gonna
I'll give him the link like actually
that's the link right there I'm one star
from three star you're one kill from
three star that's cool dude if you're
coming into my stream because the veldt
link I sent you and you're gonna say
you're not hacking dude
that was kind of fishy you have like no
stats at all you have no rink and you're
fat of course okay good fight though oh
my gosh okay yeah dude I don't believe
okay dude you don't make any sense that
that actually didn't make sense like if
you watch that back in slow-motion you
can obviously see I want to call hax
okay
I'm gonna watch this back in slow motion
cam Hannah seems decently legit he's
lied me a bit at first okay doesn't
really take okay take stock back there
well I'm heading him I eat the head and
then he hits down into the side and he
still gets the hits
I literally just watched that back you
got hits when you were okay so say I'm
hitting this lot blatte' from like right
here and I couldn't hit you I was like
maybe I was choking if it but like you
were hitting this way you were hitting
down and you still got hits either you
were lagging horribly or you are hacking
but I'm a forest or on your man okay
that doesn't make any difference
I mean honestly okay whatever
hmm yeah okay
fun fun
it's drawn as a potato-chip head wow
that's that's nice thank you I
appreciate it I hope you're humming you
about minecraft cut the beets I traded
like the same thing they did last game
[Music]
last game there is just a flaw because
either that guy just started lagging or
at the last moment or he toggled at the
last moment so you know we'll figure out
how to deal with these people this game
you're a JK by the way gotcha gotcha
y'all really will like on the stream I
try hard like for real this game like no
holding back
I'm winning this game no doubt in my
mind I'm losing I am winning this game
this is the game that I win I've not won
this whole entire stream and I need to
win because if I don't win then
everybody's gonna be wiped down again
it's gonna be a very depressing moments
what are you doing teams after today
depends I feel like it was if I can get
good teammates I'd be a idea me rather
doing that
I might try to mine for full diamond go
up at like 20 minutes do that much work
or I could get like half diamond and
then go up at like 30 minutes
I'd be another option I mean I could all
your brush that doesn't usually work
very little all right there we go he's
got your shirt can you some more so he
can make sharp to read I never really
tried for Dragon Sword I mean I have it
like I mean any person above three-star
out you know dragon sword but like
honestly it's it's it takes like five
extra minutes at least for me because
I'm really slowly getting another so
once I'm gonna team's get wait you could
fall off somebody just folded their
death and there's a big structure right
over here excuse me no way
red purple got it oh oh excuse me
it's mine
what are you doing excuse me I'm gonna
not take extra damage doing this friend
purple okay
wait this is justify it my friend yes
yeah let's go
did we get the other one yes we did
let's go dig it man no friend okay not
getting a ban from taking heads I don't
need a friend you just fights my friend
anyways only I didn't tell him to do
that the light I know he was there and
you know you kind of went ahead and did
that so if I could get banned you could
get banned I don't know how I get ban
but I didn't do anything worse than you
so like I mean chances are we'd both get
banned if anything cuz you know I I'm
live streaming us whatever
I'm gonna have a really fun time getting
banned like they said really excited is
this a real unroll okay I was confused I
think this person could be x-raying know
the person over here I might just go up
the surface straight at PvP because
honestly I've done two heads it's like I
asked some stuff I earn good yeah you go
ahead and keep mining I'll just take
yourself yeah you go back up there
that's why I thought I'd you all right
here a king stuff wait what
put a gotten full lining on no following
him yeah I had five minutes all I under
day let's get the full iron he was
mining at y9 which is quite weird
actually you do user I'll block up like
he didn't was a gangster or something
baking so I'll see ya I need diamond
sucky good I'm a sharp three have two
heads be nice these beats like make the
minecraft sound so I made a lot better
I'll be honest or at least feel a lot
better
I don't know like the like it makes
might you just feel like they're not
burning or something they don't feel
like overheating and stuff don't think
you so much for the subscribe rounded
Daughtery i guess that's
I hope they follow me and then I get
like full iron or something I didn't get
full iron that'd be really bad though be
honest I'm not gonna get the redstone
it's very important that I get full iron
come on see counter and let's go
oh one more down that's why eleven oh
excuse me
I see what you're doing can't do this
forever so go ahead and do this right
because you can do this for fifty five
more seconds I'm gonna get out that's
the thing that you can't understand I'm
gonna get up
game clown I'm gonna eat this head my
jitter flow okay uh-huh
I really love this game
Wow okay okay okay yeah whoa what a
great event yep okay of course do that
okay I really really love you HC if I
could get a chance to actually play the
game then it would be really nice
because recently I've not gone very the
chances to actually play in a game yeah
okay then yep that's gonna happen
I mean forgot to put on armor I didn't
have any so I couldn't really put on
armor didn't have enough time you want
to know why because they stalked me for
like three minutes all I had on was a
helmet wait Pete you're not in here is
he
it's so stupid honestly
I'm gonna try hard this time last time
you know I was distracted this time I'm
gonna go right for it
starting now wait excuse me no okay
hi pixel oh I'm gonna grab that woloson
law was actually really good like I
learned because I watched pala cos video
on like you know stuff about like lava
and why it's so good and stuff like that
and like how to get better at you seeing
that kind of stuff um lava is actually
really good I'll be honest and I've used
it a few times like for a huge advantage
like honestly
Pollock is so right about that like he
dude like oh my gosh like no wonder some
like really hide UHC players like he was
a lava basically all the time like vivid
visions um while you guys have probably
heard of them and then we got you know
Palika he uses la mola um I don't know
how much the jinx uses a long I don't
think he is a lot of that often okay
all I know is that a lot of people you
know all okay so I watch quite a bit of
HD players and a lot of them use a lava
to their advantage
some don't bother getting lava like
Scotty but like the people that do use
lava usually get a great advantage for
using it maybe there's a reason why
Scotty doesn't use lava I know it
probably is what is a pineapple fly like
why does he ask these questions okay
autumn much cool let me get this I don't
think I actually had any cool honestly
24 hey not right
31 twice the fun
whoo Ryman wizard nobody can open to
meet me good luck trying going up see
you counting what I thought this was why
10 excuse me okay whatever fine be that
way
dime ohms see that's what you do
CP well they don't do that I used to
understand okay this is a one bin okay
now I understand why people do this yeah
okay
it's really nice of course that was the
one bin beautiful okay fun fun that was
exciting
makes me static counter llama back there
but like nothing over there really
of course please the least a form in
there we go
see you found our 20 not doors here
water
ooh this way it's a lot 32 is good see
counter just gonna keep mining this way
there we go I see there we go so I'm
talking about
okay this why I'm really good at
Minecraft I literally just blocked up my
own water when they doing got those
diamonds got water
uh-huh mom's weird
would have preferred that not to happen
but whatever okay see how this what am i
doing excuse me okay let's actually play
minecraft for a second
very fun game ready to eight out of
eight you know I do something I rarely
do actually gonna make this thing cause
I feel like it used to use it a bit and
if it works it works
not necessarily going for a win this
thing but I am tryharding so draw four
kills could get a win while I go for
those not sighs a chance for mine and
ice mining would be is this have a
higher chance to get you know a duck a
duck monster from another player or you
know specifically a B hopper
Oh No okay that's why I don't do this in
a five
I need sheet now cuz I'm you make a rock
this way wait is your zero
yep person is
blocks back stabbed somebody with
almonds my plan don't have a run so
thanks so much for the subscribe press
underground saw their name tag huh
here shifted down
okay come on a girl for him
can't really see their name anymore so I
have no idea where they are
this dude dirt-poor don't have a second
love a bucket but should work anyway one
though look it will probably be
significant enough I said that word
right I think for you know backstabbing
people go down in the livestream bra
that was on webcam okay I hope my dad
likes being on webcam that was really
really cringey
that can't be undone please no one
record that of course there's gonna be a
recording of that that was really
cringey oh my gosh okay
I'm cringing mice oh my gosh I just
watch that back that was worse than I
thought okay
I was the worst thing that well I'm
gonna not I was like that's a big thing
there were only eight people watching us
a good thing I'm glad because you know
that imagine I got raided and I happen
to have been really not good really no
good horrible bad a backstab the
backstabber and I dunno I missed
okay started backstab people in there
rotting
also was shooting at me since kinase man
don't whatever be that way I'll get a
second look it get a second water bucket
yeah there's a reason for everything
oh there's a B hopper okay I'm done
goodbye
I'm Dave oh of course
the BR you hop blatant d-hop like
actually what do you think hypixel
okay of course I love hypixel that get a
bunch of unneeded damage excuse me
they're shooting at me
- seven excuse me you're not actually
okay nope not if you actually see me
that's a bad thing it I only need back
steps I go around this guy then try to
backstab them might lose track me excuse
me
Buddhism lunch for damage excuse me
excuse me
I actually don't get minecraft anymore
thank you I don't know
backside the Spanish Kaiba's father or I
could wait for the twin to be a really
good planner give me full diamond
because all these people have the pieces
that I need but forgets this clan has
full diamond which is very important
this time of game bunch of people over
here he's gonna get cleaned
okay goodbye
yes oh my gosh no no no I just threw it
three gaps oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
excuse me
what did I just do
did I just do that that was the oh my
gosh that is the craziest play I've ever
pulled okay
I feel so bad for that oh my gosh that
man that poor poor man they got cleaned
oh my gosh I'm a jerk okay well okay I
really really enjoy UHC now okay mm-hmm
Wow okay well I love minecraft minecraft
really fun this is my favorite game on
okay okay I'm gonna play some more
minecraft now have a good day everyone
I have already kak okay excuse me
oh whoa I'm proud of myself
well okay then I'm good at Minecraft
don't judge me I'm really cool I play on
the grind
yes you've got my helmet
he's got my helmet folks that's exactly
what I need I need that helmet excuse me
but I just need that that's that's my
helmet sir no you cannot run you may not
hide ya can't run from me yeah you're
placing the box for me I'll have to do
is rock we're gonna do that I see yeah
excuse me is a boat wake up
what excuse me so I thought this way
excuse me boat there we go
of course you gonna run away where to go
hey city blocks
well it's your dirt block right here or
it's possibly dug down
yes very possible
okay Doug down i can assume rip my
helmet I wanted that we're done sad do
it's just a helmet to me I'll pour hell
of it
we need a need a need a good person take
care of them no a good full dying and
that wouldn't die with them but I can't
you know I need to get irons please just
give me free kills yeah there's a be
hard for him again she's still alive see
I'm banned no he asked
I need a way I meant yeah he yes are you
going at least good i okay
ooh I saw lightning somewhere lighting
somewhere don't exactly know where but
it was somewhere and I know that for
bats minecraft I'm really cool
yes he's been caught and punished so
he's a cheaters gone let's go boys
there's a guy zero that's fun
I'd like to find him somebody fell to
their death that was the guy that was on
Sara of course and where are people I
need to be full diamond someone help me
please
I appreciate it
it's not someone just and you full
diamond I only have three pieces someone
help me okay
of course they're gonna be that way it's
not even gonna come out it's not gonna
give me full line I think not a bows
damage eyes I'll fight you fair and
square if you'd like to I made it dude
not that kind of guy I'm a nice man
you understand up switch just the way we
can switch to our lobbies oooh another
guy does he have good pieces I'm not
really yes I shot his horse horse is
going down yes thank you sir oh hi
X lock you just tried to kill me that's
nice yeah goodbye
I just killed X hockey yeah Andrew yep
of course again
wonder if he called me out for hats on a
string
I'll be cool a golden head X hockey set
fun fun folks we just killed X hockey
I'm proud of myself you want from me I
didn't target in or anything guys be
honest I mean that's cool too I mean I
would have rather killed somebody that
didn't drainie but like still killed X
hockey and I got a head not a golden
head
I guess it's cooling it collects hockey
I don't know is I'm talking really good
at Minecraft Wow
doot-doot-doot wonder if they're people
over here I don't know why X hawk you
would think it'd be right to go for me I
mean that was not a smart idea I'll be
quite honest I'm sorry I mean yeah I
might be a five-star but that doesn't
mean I'm dead at Minecraft I mean it
like all right cool 200 200 okay okay
okay I'm taking you a full time 24 yeah
boom and your friend oh wait I thought
Andrew what am i doing what are you
doing
I'm gonna back up here is he gonna do
this start clean irons this guy on sit
20 say I've got way more dear than him
plus he out plays me for somebody
sometimes wake up punch a feeling I
should be pretty good
waste water he really wants to leave I
wanted to be full diamond and kill him
oh you went over here ok he tried to
loop around I see I see she's still at
20 yeah yes oh this guy's a one-star who
he's not hacking
excuse me
okay is it one it's always happens to me
you got my subscription for saying that
about ex hockey yeah well I've got your
own subscription to I'm sure because I
lost against a guy with torn home
because I couldn't hit him I hey you
don't know what I just did that was very
upsetting
okay well I'm gonna go out and end the
stream there I hope you guys did enjoy
if you did enjoy don't forget to drop a
like if you didn't enjoy it's ok you can
drop a dislike it's perfectly fine
that's gonna be it and peace up guys